---
title: 'Habits (& etc)'
date: 2024-04-19
permalink: /posts/2024/04/habits/
tags:
  - people
  - stats
---

I am trying to make somethings a part of my daily life. Four currently typing improvment, meditation, some sort of exercise, and journaling (this counts!). 

Typing
======
Mainly I met this one guy in my CSE 111 class who can type really fast and was done with things before I could even start and though I knew my things he would be so fast that he would have to wait for me to lol. So it got me curious about my current typing speed and I was really slow. I think it got worse in like 1 week cause its down at 28 wpm right now. I used to type way faster on average and was consistent with 68 wpm which now I need a lot of time and prep to get to. 

So I want to improve my typing speed. 5 reps (*3 sets) per day.

Links: 
[Speedrunner's Guide to Typing](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BAYc2Oo6_pA&t=581s)
[Monkey Type](https://monkeytype.com/#google_vignette)

Exercise
======
Like going to the gym counts (once a day) as a full mark or doing stretching exercises (*3) + some type of tiring activity + going outside (20 min) also counts as something complete. I am giving myself the liberty of doing either or as sometimes its really hard to crunch out time for the gym and I really want to keep consistent excerise and not a standard of going some place as the goal. I had been really consistent with this for like 1.5 years and past quarter like dropped off this heavily so getting it back. 

Meditation
======
Have just started this due to some reasons. But just keeping myself aware of things is nice. 

Journaling
======
I started journaling a year back and I feel like I haven't been that consistent but on the other hand I have done so many diffrent kinds of things that its really hard to see if I have been consistent. I define this as the process of tracking anything from diet, studying, feelings, days, events, and people. So I am not exactly sure how this is going to work out. 