---
title: 'Open Journaling: Reflection on Purpose'
date: 2025-04-28
permalink: /posts/2025/04/blog-post-3/
tags:
  - cool posts
  - category1
  - category2
---


Before we begin, I have not been the best over the past years about who I can be. I am trying more and more now to change myself which is pretty nice, but it still far from being perfect or how I want to end up being. Here is my *current* understanding as well how I want to approach things in general with sources and influences. 

lol, just start
======
So I was thinking that I should live life as a good person. 

Well that's it
======
So a bit of a rant I was not really able to get a lot of the productive work that I wanted to have done this weekend really done which kindof sucks. But hey what can I say my classes have been generally really chill and I like being able to relax and not have to litreally fight myself to death everyday. 

Sources
------
Wisecrack:
Description: This has been a really big influence on my understanding of certain topics and way to approach the world. I think my first exposure to them was probably around the time of COVID like many other things. I think the first thing was that I was already exposed to sites like spark notes and so their video essays on books was really interesting for me as it was a really fun way to learn. 
[Wisecrack: ](https://youtu.be/1AwaNW-Kwx0?si=1FFHZgLh5SbW6qpH)
[Wisecrack: ](https://youtu.be/iHT-xeU1LEk?si=N7NcO85O4UE3REwP)


Other honorable and influential sources in no specific order: Technoblade, [This ad](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K9vFWA1rnWc), Donnie Darko, ... 